I'm afraid—for myself, for work, for my peers in s-xuality work + education. I was already feeling nervous about taking up space here, but since hearing about this new “s-xual solicitation policy” that Facebook rolled out recently, I’m experiencing new levels of anxiety and fear.

For those of you who don’t know, Facebook (who owns Instagram) recently added a new policy to their terms of service to that says if you’re using “s-xualized slang”, if you’re posing “provocatively”, if you’re using explicit s-xual language, if you’re even speaking about s-x, you are at high risk of being removed from their platform—even if what you’re saying is educational, even if you’re advocating for the s-xual health and wellness of others in a non-p-rnographic, consensual way (and it is for this reason I am censoring the S words in this caption + in my bio).
.
I am at risk—with my selfies, with my captions, with my profession. Every time I log into Instagram, I hold my breath because I don’t know if I’ll be taken offline. It’s not a matter of “if” I’ll be removed, but “when.”
.
If I were to be deleted from this platform, I would lose a big chunk of my livelihood. My income would be jeopardized. I would lose access to a community that has supported my own s-xual healing and transformation. My work would be pushed into the shadows.

My work is my life. It’s been a source of joy and freedom of expression for the last decade. Even when I’ve felt dogged down by racism, by misogynoir, by sexism, I've always been able to find a refuge in my work. Now, my work has become yet another place in my life where I feel oppressed, silenced, and unsafe.

All of this has me rethinking the way I do my work and is putting me in some hard positions to censor myself. It means that the #sensualselfiechallenge will probably not happen again. It means I will be posting here a lot less.

I don’t know what to do at this point other than be mad and pray for the protection and safety of my friends and try to exorcise the sexual shame that has resurrected within me since I heard this news. I’ve got no solutions or answers. I just want to be free.
Photo: @extracelestial
