my grandmother died this week. death is challenging for me to process already (as it is for most people who live in a culture that doesn’t quite know what to do with death) but her death has been especially hard for me parse out because our relationship was distant during the last years of her life. my grandma was a major part of my life in my childhood. most of my Christmas, Easter, & Thanksgiving memories revolve around her. but we lost connection when I entered my adult years. there were lots of reasons for this, some valid & some a product of my own self-centeredness, but there’s no reason I can find today that justifies our estrangement. when I heard that she passed, it dawned on me that I couldn’t remember the last time I saw her, the last time I hugged her, the last time so heard her voice, that she didn’t have my current address. so I’m not just grieving her death, I am grieving the relationship I missed with her. I’m grieving the fact that she left this earth without speaking to me for so long. I’m mourning the relationships I currently don’t have with my other family members because of distance, trauma, & separation. & I’m filled with guilt & regret that I didn’t do more to keep those bonds forged with her to the best of my ability.
as a way to reconcile with the grief & regret I feel & to cultivate a new relationship with her, I am turning to my spiritual practice to connect with my grandma again via my ancestral altar (shown in this photo). above the mirror is the quote “You are that which you are seeking” and it’s an important reminder to me that even though she hasn’t been in my life for so long & is no longer a part of this physical realm, she has & always will be with me. I know it’s not the way most of my family is honoring her. but it’s my way to pay my respects & ask for her forgiveness that I wasn’t present. I’m honored to have her as my ancestor, if she’ll have me.
& shoutout to all the people who have complicated, disconnected, & estranged relationships with their family—either by choice or by design. I see you.
#AliciaJaneColeman
