during scorpio mercury retrograde season, I excavated a lot. I surfaced old memories, went deep into childhood trauma, and challenged untruths about myself that I’ve carried with me like bags of sand since I was young. one of the untruths I uncovered is at the very core of my deepest wounding: I am a bad person—inherently, indisputably. I heard this from my father, from my church. I concluded this by virtue of being surrounded by faces and bodies that did not look like mine. I accepted this as part of my being, that I would always be “bad”, and that the only way I could be “good” was by appeasing to others’ visions and desires of me; by being or striving to be what society has deemed good, worthy, beautiful, deserving of love and respect. and as a way to ensure that I was seen as not bad in the eyes of people watching me, I made it my mission, from a young age, to always be liked—to fit and conform myself to what would get me loved.

a memory that resurfaced during this season: I’m in kindergarten. my mom made me a t-shirt that had glittery puffy paint and little beads and gems glued onto the fabric for my first day of school. at school, I was so scared I wasn’t going to be liked, that I wasn’t going to be seen as valuable to my peers. so I picked all the beads and gems off my shirt and gave it to the kids in my class as an offering for their acceptance of me.

this pattern is still coming up in my adulthood. I am still very, very uncomfortable with being unliked, with knowing that there are people who are actively disliking me at this moment. I used to think that that discomfort was a prompt for me to do better (and sometimes it is). but after all this healing work I’ve done this season, I now see that discomfort stems, first and foremost, from my wounded inner child.

so here is me affirming in myself that I am good. here is me working on validating and affirming my own humanity within myself, not externally. here is me working to give compassion, acceptance, and forgiveness to the younger version of me who spent her entire life hating herself, who simultaneously wanted to be seen and to disappear. I am loving her fiercely.

song: ‘fragments’ x @eveline.eevee
