ever since this WF nonsense, people have been asking me how I’ve been doing. here’s the truth—I’ve woken up anxious nearly every morning since this begun four weeks ago. my system has been stressed to the point where my appetite and other natural rhythms have been off. I haven’t been sleeping well. my depression has reared its ugly head again after months being dormant. in the midst of all of the constant gaslighting and anti-Blackness I’ve endured, it’s been hard for me to trust myself and my experiences. I’ve had trouble focusing on my work and many of my creative projects have been put on hold. I feel like I’ve been existing on an autopilot of waiting for something bad to happen and needing to be ready to fight. finding pleasure and taking care of my basic needs—drinking water, taking my vitamins, moving my body—has been challenging for me to access. my sex drive has been nonexistent, and I’ve had to balance all of this while needing to stay composed and organized—because Black folks aren’t afforded the benefit of the doubt otherwise.

basically, I’ve been in a traumatized state for the last few weeks.

it was just yesterday that I started to feel the fog lift a little. I was able to be more present with my body and emotions. I was able to access pleasure again. I was able to feel like I could exist beyond the purpose of fighting for my humanity.

I share all of this because it’s very very easy to get caught up in the happenings of a dramatic situation and forget that there are actual people involved who have feelings, responsibilities to their work + families, who are dealing with other things outside of the issue they’re currently highlighting. throughout this entire WF experience, despite having a lot of support, I’ve felt that my pain has been mere entertainment for some of you—which makes sense because we live in a culture that fixates on + profits off of drama (ie: reality TV, gossip blogs). but I encourage you to check in with yourself as you find yourself witnessing another “scandal” and remember that what is “juicy gossip” for you is actual trauma for the folks going through it. I hope me sharing how this has affected me helps you remember that.
