I was working with a client a few months back who wanted to come back into and be soft with her sensual body after years of disconnection. To help her, we created a simple movement practice where she allowed her body to move the way it wanted to move to invite softness and bodily acceptance in. In this practice, we envisioned that she would use her whole body to move—her hips, her legs, her arms, her shoulders. But when we had our next session, she told me she wasn’t able to do the full practice; grief had hit her that week and her motivation to dance just wasn’t there. But she told me that even though she felt heavy with sadness, even though she could feel herself trying to disconnect, her body still wanted to move. So she struck a happy medium: she laid down on her bed in the dark stillness of her room, and danced with her arms and fingers only, letting her movements be intuitive and soft, giving her body permission to express itself, gently, through motion. She told me it was a profound experience for her because honoring her body’s desires to move helped her be present with her body and process those hard emotions.

As for me, I’m going through a lot right now. A lot of crucial areas of my life are transitioning—my home, my family, my relationship to my partner, my relationship with myself. With how much and how quickly things are changing, it’s been hard for me to be in my body; I’ve been in my head a lot which has cut me off from my sensuality and a lot of the practices I usually do to come back into myself—journaling, tarot readings, dance meditation—have fallen aside as I prioritize anxious thoughts over intentional embodiment. But my body really needs to release this pent up energy; it needs space to be soft. So I took a cue from my client and did my own quick, seated dance practice to invite some softness into my day (it helped that I had just gotten out of therapy when I did this). Even though things are hard right now, I find solace when I remember how much stronger and grounded I feel when I take the time to come back home to myself. I am grateful always when I remember this.

song: ‘on your own’ by @charlottedaywilson; wearing @thewraplife’s Flow
