What kind of s-xual person do you want to be in 2019? What kind of s-x do you want to have? And what things (fear, shame, guilt, shoulds, aspects of respectability) need to be released so that you embody that s-xual expression?

What s-xual curiosities do you have that you would like to explore? What s-xual identities would you like to (re)claim? How would you like to express yourself s-xually, sensually on a daily basis? What fantasies would you like to be made a reality? What truths/desires do you need to speak so that you can get your s-xual needs met? In what ways will you prioritize your pleasure this year? What will you do to cultivate and nurture s-x positivity in your community?

What kind of relationship do you want to have with your orgasm in 2019? With your body? With your genitals? With your partner? What s-xual boundaries would you like to put into place? What conversations do you need to have about consent? How will you advocate for your s-xual safety? For your s-xual wellness? Where do you need more education regarding s-x and s-xuality? And what do you need to unlearn?

What parts of your s-xuality need healing? And what will you do this year to pursue + commit to that healing?

Make your s-xual resolutions for 2019 by answering these questions. And don’t just ask them once—keep asking these questions to yourself throughout the year. As s-xual beings, we are not stagnant; we are constantly growing and evolving, and the answers to these questions will also grow and evolve.

It’s OK if you don’t have clear answers to these questions. It’s OK if some of these questions are unanswerable right now. Give yourself grace and compassion as you commit to finding those answers in the future (and trust that you will find those answers). I commit to continuing to advocate for your s-xual wellness & liberation 2019.
New years blessings to you. ✨
➖
*Note that I am censoring all s-words in this post to comply with Facebook’s (who owns Instagram) new sexual solicitation policy. If you have no idea what that is, look it up. It’s terrible and terrifying.
