I’ve been healing, liberating, decolonizing, and reclaiming my sexuality for more than a decade, but there are many parts of it that I don’t like. I don’t like how my trauma still dictates my arousal. I don’t like how my brain blocks my ability to desire and seek out pleasure. I don’t like that I still have trouble getting out of my head and into my body during sex. I don’t like that there are religious doctrines that continue to be loud and present in my ears about my sexuality. I don’t like that sexual pleasure is still hard for me to trust and thrive in. I don’t like that sex still sometimes triggers me. and I don’t like that I’m not having the amount of sex I want to have because of all of those things.

in the last couple of weeks, I’ve been noticing, with jarring clarity, how much and how often old stories, limiting beliefs, and habitual responses to sex + my sexuality that I thought I left behind are still very present for me today. even though I’ve been wanting them gone, they’ve been with me so long that they often feel more like home than embodying liberation. they’re unwelcome instincts, still leaving their imprint on my mind and the way I inhabit my body, making access to the erotic a struggle for me. having insight into the ways I still have a lot of work to do is great—knowledge is power—but making space for these frustrations I have with my sexuality has been hard. lots of self-judgment has been coming up which surfaces another unwelcome instinctual response, one that has me wondering if would be easier to close off, to shut down the erotic than to continue to push for healing.

I’m obviously not going to do that because that’s not what I want. but I do want to acknowledge—to myself and to you publicly—that I’m a work in progress, that though I may be appear to have this sexual liberation shit down to an art form, I still have work to do. I always tell my clients, when we begin and end working together, that sexual liberation and healing is not a destination, it is a constant journey, one that we will be on for the rest of our lives. I am an example of that and no matter how “big” I get, may I (or you) never forget it.
