my response to a question I get multiple times a week: “how do I become a sexuality doula/sex educator like you?” note that all I’m talking about in this thread has nothing to do with academia or degrees, with certificates or thick books (though those can help). this is about core values, personal integrity and accountability, and deep study that can only be found in the very personal journey of our own sexual healing and liberation. anyone can read a book—but do they embody the work? do they put their body where their politics are? do they walk their talk? and if so, what specific actions are they taking within that walk?

I implore budding sex educators to interrogate within themselves why they’re feeling led to this field, to really pick apart the reasons why, and to ask themselves how they’re going to contribute to dismantling the -isms within their education work.

also: give props, gratitude, and respect to the sex educators who you’re inspired by and have been out here doing this unglamorous work for decades. they have pioneered these paths with their philosophies and frameworks that you are tripping over yourself to walk on. never forget that you wouldn’t even be contemplating getting into sex education if it weren’t for them. (and remember that there is a fine fine line between ‘inspiration’ and intellectual property theft.) and ask your fave sex educator (the one who perhaps your gut is telling you might not be totally grounded): “What are you doing to actively decolonize your own sexuality?” observe and study their answer, if they are able to answer. that will tell you everything about their politics, their values, their range. there is no shame in not being able to answer this question; we’re all in our own journeys. but I do think that question can help illuminate the areas where one might not be as holistic or well-rounded.

and lastly—don’t judge a person’s sexual education prowess by their follower count. some of the best sex educators in the world are the ones you’ve never heard of.
