I’ve lost so many hours of my life to thoughts that there is something wrong with me; that my body is faulty; that my orgasm, arousal, sexuality is broken because it doesn’t look the way it “should”. This thought has seeped into the sexual experiences I’ve had with others. It has poisoned the intimacy between me & my lovers. It has stripped me from my power with that harmful notion that as a sexual person, I am not enough.

The sexual standards our culture (and we ourselves) has largely measured us against—how fast we’re supposed to come, how aroused we’re supposed to get, how easily our desire is supposed to arrive—is man-made, literally.

For hundreds of years, cis-man sexuality has been the dominant default to the extent that the perfectly normal nuances & unique manifestations of our (those of us who a not cis-men) own sexuality have been deemed immature, complicated, damaged.

But there is beauty in having this information. It means that there is literally nothing wrong with you, that you are not broken. What is broken is the patriarchal system that is being used to judge & quantify your sexuality. This system doesn’t serve you, it doesn’t want you to thrive. It wants to keep you small. And you don’t have to believe that shit anymore. You can release it & choose how you want your sexuality to be actualized. You can choose to celebrate your sexuality as it is now. And that choosing is a giant fuck-you to those oppressive systems because liberating yourself from the insidious clutches of these beliefs is an act of resistance.

You’ve probably heard that May is Masturbation month—which is honestly the perfect time to practice and embody new stories about your sexuality through the way you hold space for your pleasure, to use solo sex magic to reprogram the way you access and make space for your sexuality, to deepen your connection with your body and erotic energy on your own terms.

What systems of oppression regarding your sexuality do you want to unlearn? What new intentions about your sexuality do you want to reclaim? And what will you do this month to begin that healing/liberation journey, step by step?

Here with you. 🧡
